Hooks:
use State
use Effect

Array method:

.map:
.map() loops over an array and returns a new array after applying a function to each item.
 

Syntax: array.map((item, index) => <Component key={item.id} data={item} />)

Key Requirement: React requires a unique key prop for each item rendered in a list to optimize updates.

Use Cases: Displaying API results, navigation menus, product grids, or dynamic tables. 
 
 Fetch function:

 primarily used to retrieve data from external resources or internal APIs

 Async/Await in Server Components: You can call fetch directly inside Server 
 Components using async/await without needing hooks like useEffect.

 Try Catch function:

 try...catch is a standard JavaScript construct used to handle runtime errors
  without crashing the entire application.Its usage in Next.js is often specific to asynchronous operations 
  like API calls, database queries. 


  The try block: Encloses "risky" code that might fail (e.g., fetching data from a server or parsing JSON).

  The catch block: Executes only if an error occurs in the try block,
   providing an error object with details for logging or displaying user-friendly feedback.


props
images 
props with APIs


Clerk.com is a developer platform that handles authentication, user management, and billing for web and mobile apps. 
Basically, it lets you add sign-up, login, and org management without building it all yourself.
 
 Used for:
 authentication
 billing for payments
 sign in and log in 
has pre built next.js Components for developers

sanity
Sanity is a headless Content Management System (CMS) used for building and managing digital content.


It separates content from the frontend, meaning you store content in Sanity and display it anywhere (websites, apps, etc.).
It provides a real-time collaborative editor, so multiple people can edit content at the same time like Google Docs.

Used for:
It is used to store content like text, images, and product details for websites.
Developers use it to build blogs, e-commerce sites, and apps where content changes often.

It helps teams edit content without touching code (like updating a product price or blog post).

It is used to power dynamic websites, where content comes from a database instead of being hardcoded.







slugs and dynamic rendering
















It allows companies to update content instantly without redeploying the whole website.